---
title: "My Poems"
subtitle: "Keep the poet inside you alive"
date: "09/06/23"
---

# I pen down what I feel

John Keating said **"We don't write poetry because it's cute. We read and write poetry because we are members of the human race"** and I've never felt anything with an intensity more than this. So here are some of the poems I wrote, silly as they may seem...

---

## 1 - Light

>Sky is pretty but I'm dead inside,  
Heart is heavy and I'm unable to hide,  
I must not dwell on dreams and  
Shall not pretend,  
The vortex of my love  
Has brought me to this end.  
Love can give strength,  
For fantasies to blend,  
It has to come from within,  
And I've to amend.  
I let my imagination take over,  
For my mind to comprehend,  
I smoked the devil's lettuce,  
For the darkness has a message to send.  
Daylight brought me the peace  
I needed it, for light is my only friend.

---
## 2 - Dawn
>Stars in a pitch-black sky,  
Few of us can see,  
No mistakes and happy accidents,  
What a wonderful place to be,  
Golden hour with a magic roll,  
To fall in love completely,  
I might wake up late.  
The Sun is always there waiting for me.
---
## 3 - Upkeep
>Chaos around so familiar,  
Mixed feelings  
Make me blind.  
Inclination towards your soul,  
Is what keeps me up  
To rise and grind.  
  
>Sun is setting and moon is about to light,  
Thoughts soaring high,  
Longing for a new dawn.  
Life is a game of chess,  
If you're my queen,  
I would happily die as a pawn.  
  
>Your image dwells  
In my dreamy eyes,  
I ponder around seeking  
Truths and lies.  
  
>Your absence for a day,  
Leads to curiosity piling up a heap,  
The one that I can neither manage,  
Nor I can sweep.  
  
>So much to give,  
So much to keep,  
Sometimes I feel to be  
The dreaded denizen of the deep.

---
## 4 - Just You!
>My tears don't peak out ,  
But I feel your pain,  
I wish to steal it all from you,  
Take it out from every vein.  
  
>Clouds of your thoughts,  
Dark and dense,  
Resides in the depths,  
Outgrowing the immense.  
  
>Wish to keep you full of mirth,  
Until then within your sight,  
Wish to keep a steadfast gaze on you,  
Walk with you through every plight.  
  
>The kohl that darkens your eyes,  
Seldom plucks me in the middle,  
Alters the crystalwaters and blueskies,  
Sometimes appears to be a riddle.  
  
>Love beckons when it comes,  
The truth now has lept in front of you,  
Love's beckoning comes when it does,  
Here I am, asking for a life anew,  
Just one condition all along,  
All I want is you, you, you !