---
title: "Learn to Let Go"
subtitle: "Makes living through the stress easier"
date: "09/06/23"
---

# Let go...

We tend to fixate ourselves on some things that we think there's a way out of, but the unfortunate and untimely realization makes when that does not happen is when we get trapped. Trapped in uncertainty and with thoughts trying to poison our confused self. This blog reads the way of why one should **Let go** of various things along the course of life.

---

## What does it mean?

This **letting go** of certain things require a proper channel i.e., it needs to be done in an orderly fashion, following a pattern. There is a pattern even to ignorance! Like ignoring **verbally** by not responding to what the other person is speaking, ignoring **physically** by avoiding any meetings, and finally, **mentally** by not letting the thoughts of that person break into your own thoughts. It's just that you cannot do the first two as you need a circle in your daily life, but you can certainly implement the third one. 
>No one can walk past what we call **"A Reality Check"**.
When you know what the reality is, what people around you are like and you know what is required for you to stay there (your group or society), then the chances of getting hurt literally drop down to Zero!

---
## How do we get hurt?
You can get hurt by any means like, for instance through the discussions where people rule out your opinions and present irrelevant points of their own (which then get unanimously accepted and that adds to one's dismay), public arguments, denial of something by someone, people leaving you and all such results in a vicious thought process that we do not long for.

Our aim is not to wipe out the feeling but suppress it in a way that serves the purpose of us not getting affected and our counterparts not getting hurt. This is because we can just not do the wiping easily, it takes time and till you get to the point where you decide that you will devote time to the eradication process, something more provoking and disturbing than the one before meddles up! We just need to rise above these feelings so as to at least find the peace that we need to march ahead.

---
Reality is just the guiding source that helps you choose between facts, people, and relations! Everything, literally everything needs a fix. Rising above those feelings means that we must not let them overpower our way of thinking. Everything we see has got its own pros and cons, what appears predominantly, we make it our mindset and that is what we mustn't do. We need a clear conscience, and that comes from observation and decision making like you need to decide who can make or mar your time. So just **Breathe in the positivity and you'll feel more comfortable with the situations**. This not only helps in expanding the horizons of the possibilities of how people act and how it changes us but will also do the work of reducing the uncertainty in your daily life, like for now you know that so and so thing works like that, happened like that and that you got to be the one who must get adapted to the conditions.  
It works, it's a very slow process but ultimately what you see is that the very aspects teasing you and stopping you from becoming what you are worth of are now just those stones that you can jump over or cross by the side! And this is the magical power of **'Let Go'**, for now, you are able to see past things and find out what's best for you.

---
## What happens when you find that out?
Once you find that out, what remains is will power and flexibility (in the sense of being able to adapt, keep changing again and again as nothing is permanent and even this might turn around soon)  
Assumptions were always there, are there, and will continue to be there in our minds, but what gets attention is the fact that some of our assumptions are the ones we are sure about right from the beginning, but we just tag it under **"Personal Assumptions"** for the sake of not getting very high on that opinion and believing that it is the ultimate behavior of someone. On the other hand, we have those assumptions that are nothing but misleading i.e., we cannot end up well, and then we have to start from scratch to reestablish a new and real picture of the person.

---
These whole **assumptions** thing cannot suffice the fact that we rotate around our own confused self and that we do this judgment or mere "assumption" to entertain ourselves and keep our subconscious in a state where everything we do appears to be good enough to be considered by someone. So, assuming has a whole different story in itself that twists according to our moods. Even if we are just left with assumptions and nothing else, still we got that mind of ours working and giving a thought to what might be the actual scene even though it's a guess.

**Sticking to one feeling** and **being headstrong** go hand in hand. For example, like you get a vibe about something, like, you get a hint about it, this flares up the feeling that, what's known to you is absolutely perfect, without flaws and then you stop looking at the prospects of the surrounding of what might get down in the way towards the upshot! Stubbornness is when you refuse to move ahead and emphasize your point of view whereas sticking to one feeling implies that you are in the middle of something heartbreaking and deep, and there is a slight fluke that you might try to reconsider what can be done!

---
## Word of advice
Stubbornness helps only when what you try to convey holds good in real and you also have the will to take any setback or any insult. Sticking to one feeling has no serious after effect, it's not that you're going to carry it all through your life and fuss over it, it is short-termed. You need to engage yourself in some work so as to avoid all this, just let it come, believe me, it'll be like a wave and so try to give out even the other negative thoughts or feelings that you might have along with it just like the wave takes away with it, sand on the beach. This will let you first purify yourself from within as then only will you be able to **'let go'** the other incidents in your life waiting for you!

As always, 
>**Stay Happy, Steer Clear, Stay Cheerful**