---
title: "Think for yourself"
subtitle: "Wiseness overpowers every other ability"
date: "09/06/23"
---

# What goes around, comes around

Sometimes, people tend to take the gifts they have and the support they get, **for granted** and some expect much from where only a little comes. That makes it very difficult for the people who put others above themselves because at the end it's not what anyone would want. This blog is about honest opinion on living life on one's own terms. 

---

## Straight and Simple

I'm going to be open and visible about it. Don't take any swearing or promises from the person you are in a relationship or friends with that they won't do anything they're not supposed to, for there's no need! Their actions will tell you how much they respect the relationship, and there are dramatic ironies in between every bond. Often, we find ourselves in a hideous state of mind wherein we just keep on trying to maintain a level of endurance. Though patience and understanding are ways of going on in life, suppressing the agonies, that's not the only way.
>Peace can be sought through clarity; a clear conscience always leads through.

You should be the one who obliterates every toxic thought that gives you an unwanted visit.  
I like people who smile when it's raining and keep up good even when the time's not Time changes, people don't. If you know, you know. Everyone becomes a mocker; their deeds mock at your kindness. Their insatiable hunger for your sacrifices and their inability to reciprocate what they've got is what leads you to a situation where you are nothing but a puppet! 
Be wise enough to test someone without actually making them go through one, this will help you construct a clear image of them in your mind. Don't let their grim businesses and their misbehavior affect you, it's not affordable, in exchange for your time, definitely not. You need to know what you got to do while you stay, don't wait for the time you'll be able to get rid of them in one way or the other, do it right away, because later you're anyway going to do so, but that will bring along loads of garbage and will hurt you more than ever before. Done is always better than perfect. Know this, words cannot bring back what actions broke, do not fall for them. 
>There are two types of people, those who are never really sorry but say it for the sake of nothing and those who are really sorry but cannot communicate well to solve it, both sail the same boat by causing inconvenience to you!

---
The thing we can't change ends up changing us.  

**Be kind to others but first to yourself, 
Think for others but first for yourself,  
Smile in front of all but learn to smile for yourself,  
And change enough to sustain but not so much that you'll lose yourself.**  



>Think, smile and march ahead!